Add source members to `Tileset`, `Map` and `Template` (#303)
mattyhall/rs-tiled: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased (0.13.0)]
### Added

> - A way to obtain where tilesets, templates and maps have been loaded from

Reviewer: I think your commit title is more informative than your changelog entry. I'd suggest:
```suggestion
- Added a `source` member to `Tileset`, `Map` and `Template`, which stores the resource path they have been loaded from.
```

Author: I forgot to finish the changelog message 😅
